LINUX: Linux Native implementantion, Open GNOME Location Settings in GNOME anda Improove GNOME detection (#1140)
Baseflow/flutter-geolocator: geolocator_linux/CHANGELOG.md

## 0.1.3

> - Improovement GNOME detection.
> - Open Location Settings implementation in GNOME SHELL

Reviewer: Spelling mistake in `Improovement`, maybe update this to (to stick with Google's [CHANGELOG style](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/wiki/Contributing-to-Plugins-and-Packages#changelog-style) guidelines):
```suggestion
- Improves GNOME detection.
- Adds the ability to open Location Settings in GNOME SHELL.
```
